Take your stuff
Oh, I see.
You must have bought Yunhua God
Let him cooperate with you in this play
Fool us all, right?
What do you mean, Yuchang?
What else could it mean?
I underestimated this kid
He's not a beggar at all
There's still a bit of a dowry
That's why you can pull Master Yunhua here
Cooperate with him in the play
But it's okay.
I already knew the confidence of this waste
Not yet deceived
Hey, is this set really possible?
It seems that this beast has been outside these years
Really got out of the house
But to say he can afford the Heart of the Ocean
I was doing pretty good.
This
But the heart where the sun never sets
He can take it out
Yes, the sun does not set in the heart of the ocean.
The queen knelt and begged me to accept it
Hahahaha
Boy, I'm afraid you're not daydreaming, are you?
Do you know who owns the heart of the ocean?
Who is the king who never sets?
Could it be that the sun never sets, your king?
Kneel down and beg you to take the throne
He made this request in advance
Made me refuse
Little place to pay homage
despise the boy
I almost got it wrong
You still don't like it
If you don't brush the wind, you will still be the same.
What kind of virtue are you?
waste
Things above and below make me sick
I don't want to hear you fart here either.
Get the hell out of here
Did you hear that kid?
Go away
By the way, take away a piece of your trash too.
Whether I go or stay, only Qingxue has the final say
Mom, I want to be with Dad.
Xiao Chen, let's go
Mom Yaoyao doesn't want to be separated from Dad
Just right, later
You just follow your dead boss
Wandering outside
Save my family's mood and that little wild boar
Oh, emotion.
You finally figured it out
Can you marry Lin Shao and eat spicy food and drink spicy food for the rest of your life?
Endless enjoyment, hahaha.
Next I promise it's you
The best choice I've ever made in my life
I will also go with Xiao Chen
I'm not staying in this house, mom
I don't want to marry a teenager